README.md, before:

# Python CLI Clockify API

```sh
    MVladislav
```

---

- [Python CLI Clockify API](#python-cli-clockify-api)
  - [information](#information)
    - [config](#config)
  - [install](#install)
    - [DEBUG](#debug)
  - [run](#run)
    - [docker](#docker)

---

project to use api from [clockify](https://clockify.me/developers-api) to collect worktime

in a combined way by `[day, project, task]`

## information

to run an print in best mode, only if you use services like **youtrack** or **jira**,

write the **issue** name into **task** or **project** in brackets, like:

```txt
some description task [ISSUE-666]
```

this will be parsed and printed

### config

copy the `.env` file and add your values

```sh
$cp .env_template .env
```

## install

```sh
$pip3 install starlette && pip3 install .
```

### DEBUG

```sh
$python3 -m venv ./venv
$source venv/bin/activate
$pip3 install starlette && pip3 install -v --editable .
```

## run

### docker

run **docker-compose** build and up

```sh
$DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker-compose build
$DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker-compose up
```

Commit message:

refactor: improve code - copy from vm-cli-template - remove and restructure folder/files

README.md, after:

# Python CLI Clockify API

```sh
    MVladislav
```

---

- [Python CLI Clockify API](#python-cli-clockify-api)
  - [information](#information)
    - [clockify task-name and project-name usage](#clockify-task-name-and-project-name-usage)
    - [config](#config)
  - [install](#install)
    - [DEBUG](#debug)
  - [code quality and git](#code-quality-and-git)
    - [pre-commit](#pre-commit)
    - [manual test run](#manual-test-run)

---

project to use api from [clockify](https://clockify.me/developers-api) to collect work-time

in a combined way by `[day, project, task]`

## information

### clockify task-name and project-name usage

this script will parse the **task**-name and **project**-name usage and search for brackets like `[(.*?)]`
where you can write **issue-id** in it, for example:

```txt
some description task [ISSUE-666]
```

This **issue-id** can than be used to import the time into services like youtrack

### config

copy the `.env` file and add your values

```sh
$cp .env_template .env
```

## install

```sh
$pip3 install .
```

### DEBUG

```sh
$python3 -m venv ./venv
$source venv/bin/activate
$pip3 install -v --editable .
```

---

## code quality and git

### pre-commit

run:

```sh
$git config --local core.hooksPath .git/hooks
$pre-commit install
```

### manual test run

```sh
$mypy app
$flake8 app
$pytest --cov=tests
$tox
```
